Yeah, Ha! hahahaha. Hahaha.
Yeah. Yes, it would.
I never did that hehehehehehe
Hehehe! I  got out of college and I needed a job
And, um,  I landed at
a temporary, uh law clerk, a document clerk.
for a one specific case with this law firm.
and I was supposed to be, uhm, working with them for
For about a year until this case concludes.
But the case went on for a lot longer than that. Um...
But after that... Um...
Since I was learning the ropes and learning other things and it was a very small boutique law firm.
So, um. Which was great  um, learning experience.
From you, because I got to kind of hop around and try different things.
So, I landed, I was doing more paralegal work in the beginning. And.
And, um, and  I was taking a few classes thinking, oh, I might be a paralegal.
And um... And then
I landed in some more administrative work.
And then position ethic *** *** department.
They said, oh, do you want to give it a try? And
and um, at the time my office administrator
was against me moving ehe! over because she said
Oh no, you know, um,  I have a good promising career as of...
As a paralegal and, you know, accountants like dead end work. hehehe! she!...
So she actually just was trying to discourage people and I didn't know this until later. Hehehe!
she was trying to yeah, she was tryna um, discourage the finance  you know
finance manager to um, take me, to hire me.
So, um, but.
Um They entually what happened was the girl that was...
that was, in that position was leaving the firm. And so
They needed a replacement and.
it was a lot easier just to promote someone from within.
So, um... That's how I got that position.
But ever since then, that was it. I just never...
Um, haha. You know and I stay with it. So.
Um, right now like a at one point our firm was-
going under, so we got bought out by the firm that I'm with currently.
*** that's how i got
just never  mute, hahaha. From there.
Yeah, that's ture.
Yes.
Yes. That is the norm. That's the average they say, yeah.
Yes...
Yeah. Because I was a literature major in college.
So when people see me, they think, oh, I must have made it in the county.
Definitely did not. So everything was just learned on the job.
You know when I thought I could read over here? Oh, that's a great question.
I I rarely read
Books like multiple times
I'm not that type that will go back.
to an old one just to re read it again.
Like question, ah...
I mean, I did know when I was studying.
I did uh...
The House on Mango Street by Sandra Cisneros had just come out.
It was such a, I loved that book. It was, you know, just the way that.
That, the imagery and just the vibrancy and the colorful.
stories and stuff that were in it.
really drew me to her.
but you know I did like
Um... I did like Hemingway. I just probably wouldn't that um...
I loved his writing style. It was so straightforward and clean.
Um... I also did journalism.
in high school, so I loved that, just that.
16 like chris, Get to the point.
You know, just just, um, type of.
works or the style of it, you know, where so  I I appreciate it.
His works.